on this computer it's recording it is
September 17 this is the weekly package
managers check-in update sing-along and
I am supposed to be talking first so
let's see did I write a thing anyone
anyone I have some replies okay from the
new point is I think I mentioned last
week I don't know I've been trying to
research a little bit more into
different ways of approaching the okay
our thing so in case somebody else in
the world has maybe a slightly different
way of looking at it that might be
easier for us to keep up with all that
just more efficient more all the things
that we like because you know rocket
ships and shipping and all that so I
summarized a book that I read that's
that's one that someone recommended me
like five years ago and instead of
reading it I read a bunch of blog posts
and saw the author talk but I never
actually read the book it's called
radical focus point as I summarized it
and how I always do things which is like
little pictures and drop you notes and
things and you're also there's a link in
the channel if you're curious curious go
keep a take a look maybe the the main
bits of takeaway and are that she was
heavy on the oh the okay are the ocher
thing is a process a facilitates
conversation so she had a little
Foursquare layout that she's like well
this is what you should look at every
week and have your team together at the
weekly talk through these different but
some pieces of it because of course you
don't want the Oh care is to sit in a
document somewhere else that you're not
checking it on so I like that approach
and the I'm sure there's one more thing
I want to tell you what was that all
right
don't know but I'll summarize and get
back to you but Molly we can chat if you
like sometime about that or just quick
if that maybe just a quick thumbs up
thumbs down is that can I try to write
the okay ours that I do like this week
or next week using that framework or
going a bit towards that approach um or
we can talk later yeah okay cool
we can do all that but so that's what
I'm focused on this week because it's
end of quarter beginning of quarter yay
okay next who's up how about Dominic
you're next to me yeah so
something-something package manager
thing I'm working on amount stuff the
the ipfs implementation is coming along
a little bit well there's some issues
around reader and stuff but there's that
and then I also pushed out a little demo
of IP NS but I have to be recorded
because again there's some punks with it
but I think things are progressing
pretty well this morning I spent time
working on some third-party library
stuff that not very interesting I was
getting upset at integer things and
fixed-width and sine pipes and all this
other really fun stuff yeah that's
probably it for me
let's go with Alex next hi I've been
working on getting the build out of the
door so it's not strictly a background
or related to obviously but big major
things to the HTTP client which switches
the library that used to do HTTP
requests and it seems to stop pub/sub
from working on go IP first you get
exactly 16 messages when you subscribe
to a given pub sub Channel and then they
will stop hobby of s works as expected
mostly because I think it was tested
with that when it was developed so it
can't really release as it is also like
you know it would have been fun if we
had an automated test suite that would
catch this kind of thing so I only found
it because I was running the tests of a
third-party repo with our pre-release so
I'm just PR into idea that lets me run
arbitrary test Suites of arbitrary repos
with new jsr PFS releases so this will
be part of the build process from here
on in
when that is done I need to start
upgrading all the libraries so that we
can stop being so far behind the PTP and
IP OD etc because everything's moving
forward and
a socket first is lagging behind quite
seriously and that's likely to mean B
for the recipe any questions
birdie told me you've also been involved
in some units of US v 1.5 conversation
it's gonna give any status update on on
that piece yeah so the easiest path
forward is to have metadata added to the
existing UNIX FS nodes as opposed to
having like a separate node that
contains metadata because I'm those like
twice as many requests for everything
which would be really boring so we're
going to try and implement that in JSOC
you first and then kind of shake out the
rest of the problems with the spec which
can be really cool so we're gonna have a
meeting later this week I believe so you
should show if you want to be involved
in not yeah what do you mean by though
pub star was dropping messages and do
you have an issue or something I can
look down no I'm still trying to
replicate the problem reliably because I
want to find out where exactly for them
is because then it worked for the
previous HDTV library and it doesn't
work with the I can't see anything crazy
the cloud servers at gossip gossip some
drops messages more than done then flood
sub does so maybe that having switched
the primary if that's that you guys were
doing would would cause issues so I
tried flood sabayon gossip sub would go
and I didn't make any difference both of
them stopped after 16 message it's just
weird that it's like so predictable like
it's exactly and then you know anymore
it's a yeah yeah that's why I was asking
him to go Channel earlier today about
logging extra stuff so that I can just
dive into that and find out what's going
on as soon as I've replicated it I will
open an issue and and you know something
I can show you because I don't want to
open an issue and not we have to tell
you about the problems there's there's
an issue open right now I'm like
messages getting lost
using pod seven that's like if you read
through that issue it looks like it's
the same case then
yeah I spoiled that issue and like if it
was that I would I would expect to see
like different things happen on every
run but this is exactly the same like it
always stops at the same point so I
don't I don't think it's related to that
issue you have to choose your next
victim Alex there any more questions
David could have a question what I can
see if I edit my process
Stephen Jonah given a bit sure this week
my first over businesses - I can't
believe right or can I be get released I
do a bunch of her summarized review on
from the con stuff yeah and a bunch of
lipid P stuff so if we have a look
Jupiter coupe Sun smoothie batch the HD
but we're not giving up in reviews so
I'm gonna try to catch up on out of it
I just saw notification of it in update
bug but when you look at unless someone
else wants to take that I think that's
all she needs a release because
unfortunately go one three breaks build
again then if I find some more time
these are has several patches of around
a simultaneous connect which help was
the hole punching and reducing auto
relay DC traffic I'd like to try to get
the original ad traffic into the release
you know that's good figured because
like it's not even 5% of our DC traffic
moment and it's causing problems yeah if
I got fined time I'm gonna try covergirl
a bit these on vacation and work and
what strip do that's my update I see
that we have a de vivre
to be anything you don't can the cha
he's saying is Internet is really bad so
that we should reach out by traffic of
questions for him Dirk Aaron so I've
been working on improving the pitstop
concept so there's there's kind of
there's currently a bug in the way that
we're processing messages that are
incoming basically so I'm just doing
some testing to figure out exactly where
that is I can fix it
and then yeah I'm gonna continue on with
that this week I'm probably going to
need to make some architectural changes
because the Brittain concept is just
kind of something I threw together so we
need to make it actually perform well in
practice is this bug related to Hector's
comment on how we prepare to be not
sending blocks no this is well I don't
think so this is to do with how one
halves and what blocks interact but in
general there's a couple other things
I'll discuss with you in a minute
offline but you know I notice a couple
of other things in the code that might
be causing the issue ceasing any other
questions what's up yeah so trying to
probably most this week will be spent on
some pub/sub related things like trying
to get tests to pass that haven't passed
in a long time or sometimes don't pass
it hasn't been that way for a while or
trying to get some of the PRS that are
already out there kind of reviewed and
pushed through I also have to do some
slide in like demo preparation work for
Macau because there's basically no I can
test related materials out there so I
gotta go do that yeah I I will probably
bug some people to try and figure out
whether the number of things like go
routines they actually use is like oh
wait we actually use that money or
whether something is going wrong that's
that's roughly where I'm at right now
anybody else any questions or I don't
know who's is there any one volley or
anything on a stick or I know if you're
next or four we're out of people's I
guess I'm I'm last um I think my my main
focus is with the meeting meeting
tomorrow with with one of the kind of
pull out partners we've been working
with to get fast feedback loops on bits
all performance and so making sure that
that is in a good state and get clarity
on whether or not or get early clarity
on whether we foresee that continuing
into q4 which hopefully we do and the
other thing on my mind is thinking about
kind of q4 in general I think one of the
the general trend across all of our our
groups is going to be kind of landing
the work that we've pushed really hard
on this quarter we've seen a lot of
improvements across all of the working
groups but we've also we had high high
expectations and goals for ourselves and
we didn't get all of them out the door
as expected so so the aim is gonna be
making sure that we really land those
with clear clear deliverables and we set
set good goals for ourselves that we
think are achievable and that also drive
us to really commit to to time and so I
have a couple ideas of what might be
really awesome goals for us to shoot for
for the package manager scheme in
particular in terms of finding a moment
we can all kind of sprint towards and
and have like really clear deliverables
of what we've done with package managers
in 2019 the other thing that's on my
mind was something that that I think
I've talked about with a couple of
people which is something that a lot of
other or at least some of the other
groups are doing is getting together as
a team for kind of the beginning of q4
to kick off and spend a little like a
week of time together or something along
those lines so looking at this team it
seems like there's a potential
opportunity to get the group together
the first week of October which would be
an opportunity to do some more knowledge
sharing
to make sure that you know kind of as a
team where we're gelling and getting to
spend time together and also maybe an
opportunity to actually practice some of
the putting package managers on top of
IP FS such that we all have kind of
clear feedback loops of like oh like I
understand what putting a filesystems
package manager on ipfs entails so that
we can one have the proof of concepts
that like we we know in grok and can
debug and two we can have benchmarks
that we we talked about at the beginning
of the quarter and so this is a I think
a useful opportunity wanted to kind of
pull the room on whether or not that is
something that is feasible for folks to
find an opportunity to meet up together
and other requests for like what we
could do in that time that would be
super valuable just one note before we
start doing dates and different stuff I
know sometimes we don't like to share
our personal calendars on the public
recording so maybe do that in a second
or a positive video because the world
doesn't need to know when and where we
are all meeting together so do you want
to talk about that now or dorcette or I
can pause it I mean if that if
everyone's talked about everything else
I can pause and then we can talk about
all the like personal travel details and
whatever yeah we can come back to that
one but anything else folks want to you
have questions okay let me stop the
recording